feat: block parameter names (#5024)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/native/native-objc-interop.md

And you can call it like this:

```swift
foo {
    bar($0 as! Int32)
    return KotlinUnit()
}
```

#### Explicit names in block types

> You can add explicit names to Kotlin's block types for exported Objective-C headers. Without them, Xcode's autocompletion

Reviewer: I guess calling generated ObjC from ObjC in XCode? As said below it doesn't affect calling from Swift, right?

Reviewer: Thank you for making it more clear

> You can add explicit names to Kotlin's block types for exported Objective-C headers. Without them, Xcode's autocompletion

Author: Thank you for the clarification! I reverted the changes and added some details to make it clearer

And you can call it like this:

```swift
foo {
    bar($0 as! Int32)
    return KotlinUnit()
}
```

#### Explicit parameter names in Objective-C block types

You can add explicit parameter names to Kotlin's function types for exported Objective-C headers. Xcode's autocompletion

> suggests calling such functions with no parameter names in the Objective-C block, and the generated block triggers Clang

Reviewer 2: Can you explain what "such functions" means here?

warnings.

To enable explicit parameter names, add the following [binary option](native-binary-options.md) to your `gradle.properties` file:

```none
kotlin.native.binary.objcExportBlockExplicitParameterNames=true
```

For example, for the following Kotlin code:

```kotlin
// Kotlin:
fun greetUser(block: (name: String) -> Unit) = block("John")
```

> Kotlin forwards the parameter names from Kotlin function types to Objective-C block types, so Xcode uses them in suggestions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kotlin forwards the parameter names from Kotlin function types to Objective-C block types, allowing Xcode to use them in suggestions:
```
